Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to download and install the
engine 5.7.4.
Okay, uh let's go. Okay, first thing
first, open the Google Chrome. After
opening the Google Chrome, search for EP
games
or click unit launcher. Go here to this
first link. After that we have to go
here to download.
Okay. And click start download.
Uh okay. Fine. Downloading is finished.
Hit open.
Okay. Hit install.
installing updates right now.
Okay, now let's close uh this.
Okay, hit now and close this.
Uh now the Epic Game Launcher is
launched automatically. You can connect
with your Google account. Select Google.
Okay, hit continue and sign in with your
G.
Okay, almost done. Hit continue. Uh,
success. You are signed on your Epic
Game account. Okay, let's close this and
we're going to write here. Yes,
continue.
And now,
okay, the first step is done. Now, let's
move to the next step. Select the engine
like this and go here to this library
engine version and select this plus
button and choose the final version 5.7
film.4
and hit install.
Okay. Choose your path or installation
location from this. I want to install it
in this location. Hit yes.
Okay. Fine.
And then installation is initializing.
Okay, it takes around 30 minutes.
Okay, hit yes. The verification is uh
finished as you can see
now it's initializing and installing
some plugins F plugins and the quick
quicks bridge plugin.
Uh okay fine the installation of the
aren engine 5.7.4
is finished now I can launch it by
pressing this button launch.
Yeah. Okay. Click this launch button.
>> Okay. Initializing
hit. Yes.
another time.
>> Okay. Now, let's uh go right here and
click this new project. Choose any
template as you want. For me, I want to
choose this third person template.
Project name set as you want. Hit
create.
Okay, all the work is done. The
installation is finished. Thank you guys
for watching this all for this tutorial.